how's going guys Lucy your wolf graphing
today I'm bringing you guys another mod
showcase this one is the plasma mount
with the Z and um the whole mod is
pretty much based off a new and get
called plasma you get one plasma by
smelting one end stone oh not really
smelting just putting it in a crafting
table like this it's it doesn't really
matter how you put it I put it like to
put here plasma and then you'll get the
bucket back as well so yeah you got one
plasma and use the plasma to make all
this just like you normally would but
with all the tools instead of using um
almost like sticks you're gonna use an
iron stick what you get from putting
this in the crafting bench once melted
one stick another smelt in just like
that and then they'll get that you can
make plasma blocks by putting nine
things obviously around but that's
probably easiest thing to make one
plasma arrow I'm not sure how to make
that because there was no prep and
recipe on the forum and I'll show you
that last and okay so first we're gonna
happen to this we're gonna get all this
and another thing with the bow as well
is with the bow you can to make it you
need a instead of having sorry I'm
paying for it anyway
instead of having sticks you use plasma
ingots for the stick substitution and
it's pretty much a one-shot kill
everything it goes so fast you can
barely see it sometimes and it'll go
straight and nearly every time so I'll
shoot it all the way at that treetop
over there and then I'm gonna fly over
to it if it hit it like exactly I should
have hit it pretty straight on Oh
because that way then it goes back
anyway so um let's pretty much the okay
so I'm gonna spawn a bunch of zombies
right here real quick and we're gonna
shoot big one okay one shot kill one
shot one shot one shot and one shot
okay well that was pretty easy pretty
much instant kill on anything whatsoever
and yeah so now we're gonna spawn a
zombie and put and hit it with that
puzzle sword and that's obviously
overpowered let's go to game mode one
here okay okay and we're gonna put on
the armor one of these pieces gives us
full armor bars okay and it's kind of
cool I like it
not too bad so well I'm gonna go into
game mode just put a bunch of zombies
and if you want to run with these holes
out it's from this is a ice spiked biome
but I think I'm never know what happened
so then I'm gonna come after me I'm
gonna see how much damage I can take and
I'm pretty I bet you I'm probably gonna
be invincible as this armors oh god the
door abilities crap though but a sword
okay they do the swords of overpowered
but um armor not so much on what kind of
sucks but it's overpowered though cuz
one piece will give you um form of ours
so I guess that kind of balances out but
the sword overpowered bow overpowered
with the durability is not too good but
the sword is amazing so there's one shot
kill does a hundred and three damage I
already hit and I'm stuck get out of
here
whoops spoon and we get out do and yeah
okay okay so if you found out that the
bow is extremely over power and the
armor is really over power but it's
durability is really crap so you might
wanna get them breaking on that and we
get the tools scissor made exactly the
same as regular with the plasma ingots
but with the iron sticks as well and
we'll see how fast this cuts pretty much
instantly it'll cut off cut wood
instantly the axe
I'm sure about stone or the shovel dicks
order like faster than creative mode
would mm-hmm
this is really cool I feel like this
literally I wouldn't ever stop I'm not
sure how long the durability is now 5000
oh yeah 5000 everything pretty much
what's up much too soon it's just super
fast okay yeah this is really really
really really very good so yep
that's pretty much it for the tools
because they all are super over power
like that oh my god that shovel is too
good dude just do this
that was like a couple seconds of me
just like doing it amazing okay um yeah
super overpowered assailant fastest can
break over five people thankfully hey
and I'll show you the creeper this block
I also show you with me putting that
down as well and whoops it does do a lot
of light source and in your mind it may
be yep doesn't even mind that let's cool
though it is uh extremely awesome and
now we're gonna spawn some creepers I
should have done I was gonna get mode
one for this so I can spawn them plasma
creepers I like the texture you know
just the blue I'm not sure how much each
one does damage wise my god oh my god
and I'm my dad yeah ha okay so they are
pretty o P even full um plasma armor
doesn't really work against them here's
our Savannah here's our whole yeah the
full class armor against plasma creepers
nope if you want to ring with that Samus
is there I just ate
uh-huh chicken that was hungry anyway
thank you guys for watching
let's pretty much the end of the mod and
be sure to leave a like comment and
subscribe if you new to the channel
I might sort of pick him on Thursdays
because everyone's doing it's the new
thing wondering that che ders I'm using
I'm using the shy oh pack 13 shaders I
got a bunch of shaders everyone says
they like this shader but I don't really
like this one because when you when it's
nighttime time 14000 it's like super
super dark and you really can't see
anything so I mean the water school yeah
it's very cool actually but um the lavas
amazing as well I think it looks really
cool but um well if I put on this one I
know one of them it's really bright this
one's really bright it's nighttime and
this one's not really a shader doesn't
change anything but um anyway guys
thanks for watching and be sure to leave
a like comment and subscribe and follow
me on Twitter and Instagram as well all
links in the description and yeah thanks
for watching peace out